Honey, what's wrong with you?
Is something going on in Northern Xinjiang?
Oh.
You don't know.
All I know is you're at the border.
Victory is back.
I don't know the details.
When are you going to perform in front of me?
The actor
May King Quang Minh today why so complete?
Maybe it's what happened on the battlefield.
It'll make him lose his way for a while.
It's okay, we endure a little more.
Don't pretend someone made a big collar.
You are only the king of the land.
How dare you point a finger at the White Deer Yuan Quan?
Do you still have a religion?
Special offers
He deserves it too, I promise.
Big brother, it's a stork party.
It was also the day when our two brothers were married for ten years.
I hope you can approve my robe.
The achievement of this honor
Yes, I approve the coat.
Okay, so you've got to do three things first.
Don't say three.
Even 30 pieces.
I'm not sure it will be full.
The first thing.
On your knees.
Right now.
Face this flag.
On your knees.